Review of Learn guides (#101)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-docs: components/learn/modules/ROOT/pages/deploy-and-interact.adoc

This guide will cover all you need to know to get you started using your contracts, including:

 * <<local-blockchain, Setting up a Local Blockchain>>
 * <<getting-started-with-the-cli, Getting Started with the OpenZeppelin CLI>>
 * <<deploying-a-smart-contract, Deploying a Smart Contract>>

>  * <<interacting-via-the-cli, Interacting via the CLI>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * <<interacting-via-the-cli, Interacting via the CLI>>
```

I'd rather keep the 'from the terminal' and 'programatically', specially considering we're introducing the CLI here. If anything, I'd change the section id to `interacting-from-the-terminal`.

Author: Looks like you have renamed this already

NOTE: You can call the OpenZeppelin CLI with both `openzeppelin` and `oz`. For brevity, from here on we'll use the latter.

> Two things will happen during initialization. First, an `.openzeppelin` directory will be created, holding project-specific information. This directory will be managed by the CLI: you won't need to manually edit anything. It is important however to commit any changes here to your Git repository (local network files like `dev-<network_id>.json` and the `.session` file https://docs.openzeppelin.com/sdk/2.6/configuration#configuration-files-in-version-control[should not be tracked in Git]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two things will happen during initialization. First, an `.openzeppelin` directory will be created, holding project-specific information. This directory will be managed by the CLI: you won't need to manually edit anything. You should however commit xref:cli::configuration.adoc#configuration-files-in-version-control[some of these files] to Git.
```

Having https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-sdk/issues/363 fixed would let us simplify this.

Author: Updated text

[[interacting-via-the-cli]]
== Interacting via the CLI

> With our `Box` contract <<deploying-a-smart-contract, deployed>>, we can start using it right away from the CLI.

Reviewer: Why remove the link?

Author: It felt superfluous when I reviewed, but as the CLI is two sections previously, fine to leave as is, I have reverted.

=== Sending Transactions

`Box` 's first function, `store`, receives an integer value and stores it in the contract storage. Because this function _modifies_ the blockchain state, we need to _send a transaction_ to the contract to execute it.

> This can be achieved with the CLI's `send-tx` command. Choose your `Box` contract when prompted by the CLI, and select the `store` function, with whatever integer value you want to send e.g. 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be achieved with the CLI's `send-tx` command. Pick your `Box` contract when prompted by the CLI, select the `store` function, and choose a numeric value to send to it:
```

Regardless of the phrasing change, we're [avoiding e.g., i.e. and others](https://insidegovuk.blog.gov.uk/2016/07/20/changes-to-the-style-guide-no-more-eg-and-ie-etc/)

Author: Updated

If this happens, simply <<local-blockchain, start ganache>> and <<deploying-a-smart-contract, redeploy>> the `Box` contract.
====

> We can also interact with the contract by sending a transaction to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You suggestion made me realize this sentence didn't actually add anything :joy:

Author: Removed line
